[issues] use updated issue template (#8357)
darktable-org/darktable: .github/ISSUE_TEMPLATE/bug_report.md

assignees: ''
---

**Introduction**

> _This section is provided for information, please delete, if understood_

Reviewer: ```suggestion
_This section is provided for information only. Please delete if no longer required._
```

Before raising a bug/issue please check that it has not already been reported 

> by searching the existing https://github.com/darktable-org/darktable/issues on GitHub.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
by searching https://github.com/darktable-org/darktable/issues.
```

Please be aware that most developers work on this project in their free time.
The more information you can provide in the initial report the quicker we can help.

> Therefore please help to be as accurate and concise as possible!

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Therefore please help by being as accurate and concise as possible!
```

> For further information, please see the https://github.com/darktable-org/darktable/wiki#reporting-bugs.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For further information, please see https://github.com/darktable-org/darktable/wiki#reporting-bugs.
```

---------------------------------------------------------------

**Describe the bug/issue**

**To Reproduce**

> _Please amend or remove, what is/isn't applicable_

Reviewer: ```suggestion
_Please provide detailed steps to reproduce the behaviour, for example:_
```

1. Go to '...'
2. Click on '...'
3. Scroll down to '...'
4. See error

**Expected behavior**

**Screenshots**

> _Please remove, if not applicable (e.g. no screenshots)_

Reviewer: ```suggestion
_(if applicable)_
```

**Screencast**

> _Please remove, if not applicable (e.g. no screencast)_

Reviewer: ```suggestion
_(if applicable)_
```

**Which commit intruduced the error**

> _If possible, please try using `git bisect`. Please remove, if you do not know, what bisect is, or if you do, but not applicable_

Reviewer: ```suggestion
_If possible, please try using `git bisect` to determine which commit introduced the issue and place the result here._
```

_A bisect is much appreciated and can significantly simplify the developer's job._
_HowTo: https://github.com/darktable-org/darktable/wiki#finding-bug-causes and https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=D7JJnLFOn4A_

**Platform**

> _Please fill as much as possible including "unknown" and remove those lines, which are clearly not applicable_

Reviewer: ```suggestion
_Please fill as much information as possible in the list given below. Please state "unknown" where you do not know the answer and remove any sections that are not applicable _
```

> _Please fill as much as possible inccluding "unknown" and remove those lines, which are clearly not applicable_

Reviewer 2: A typo in including word (2 'c' instead of 1) and missing comma maybe before including and after "unknown"?

Author: English is weird language that seems to not like as many commas as normal languages

* darktable version : e.g. 3.5.0+250~gee17c5dcc
* OS                : e.g. Linux - kernel 5.10.2 / Win10 (Patchlevel) / OSx
* Linux - Distro    : e.g. Ubuntu 18.4
* Memory            : 
* Graphics card     : 
* Graphics driver   : 
* OpenCL installed  : 
* OpenCL activated  : 
* Xorg              : 
* Desktop           : 
* GTK+              : 
* gcc               : 
* cflags            : 
* CMAKE_BUILD_TYPE  : 

**Additional context**

> _Please fill as much as possible and remove those lines, which are clearly not applicable__

Reviewer: ```suggestion
_Please provide any additional information you think may be useful, for example:_
```

Reviewer 3: _Please fill as much as possible and remove those lines, which are clearly not applicable__

the "," between lines and which is absolutely not necessary,
"Please fill as much as possible and remove those lines which are clearly not applicable" would be the correct usage.

>  - Can you reproduce with another Darktable version(s)? **yes with version x-y-z / no**

Reviewer: lower case d in darktable

 - Can you reproduce with a RAW or Jpeg or both? **RAW-file-format/Jpeg/both**

>  - Are the steps above reproduce with a fresh edit (i.e. after discarding history)? **yes/no**

Reviewer 4: reproducible

>  - If the issue is with the output image, attach an XMP if (you'll have to change the extension to `.txt`)

Reviewer 4: XMP file
